al al al
al
[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every morning
I'll promise that my life begins where you
end I don't want false expectations or
living inside a lie Yours and
mine is true despite what you
say I'll remember that I walk through that
plaza that in shame we couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking for the two
remained silent in The big
City City City City City City why do I
want to
Villar the star in the sky If by my
side I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand I'm
telling you what my heart will feel like
smiling inside
[Music] I'll
tell you to pinch me every day When I
wake up that if I argue it's to get to
know you
more there's no Fog that can darken
this
[Music]
love s that we
will go through moments that we never
imagined that the pain will be so strong
that we will think about
leaving each other but this feeling of ours
will put in check the
wounds that they cause to the soul breathe me
please because this path is
escaping us so that I want to see it
shine so that I want to see the
star shine in  the sky If by my side I have
the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me And what I'm
telling you Your heart will feel
as it smiles
Inside I want Villar I want
Villar beside If by my side I have the
firmament's I don't know if you'll understand me
Hey, now I'm telling you Your
heart will feel as it smiles With the intro
[Music]
[Applause]
What I thought That loving no longer
existed That kisses are given away on
any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game But I look at you And I'm
dying to
have you with me To invest my life in
making you dream And
I will win the game The time that was
[Music]
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you
Waiting for the moment to have you
[Music]
in front of me If the world separates I'll stay
with you If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay
with you If you want me to stay I'll
stay
with you What do things matter to me and
when  I smile I turn around and
I'm with you
[Music]
with you Investing my life in
getting you excited And
[Music]
I'll win the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that you Elma be my
guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front of me Investing my life nor
getting you excited And I
[Music] I'll
win the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that you Elma be
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I'm in
the good What's up What's up family A
completely live show eh man my Pablo
is over there I'm seeing that you're
mentioning him Pablo what's up son Are you
getting into trouble no I mean they're
sending me through here on the schedule a song of
yours for the kids What have you
messed up already
What have you messed up already
Pablo what's up Well listen to me live
Completely unexpected at
unexpected hours but it has a reason Okay I'm going
to a
completely live show man  my Pablo is over
there I see that you're
mentioning him Pablo what's up son there
I am live there I am
live well basically I've gone
live to carry a little bit
and I know that I know that tonight's live
wait Well I know that
tonight's live well you're probably going to
like it a lot Likewise but I
also know that I said it yesterday I also know
that I said it yesterday but as I know that there are
people distracted and I know that there are people who
don't understand a little bit of the instructions
of the things that we tell them Well just in
case I come here to carry the
live tonight which is on the
main channel okay tonight we have a
live that is really a fake
live I don't mind admitting it because nothing happens
sometimes
things have to be done like this because of the
guests' schedules or whatever okay
tonight we have two guests on the main channel
okay one is the defender of the
minor Javier Urra and the other is always
true true t that the man is going to
send me a little José María Benito José
María Benito is a police commissioner
chief of police Inspector chief
inspector of  the police and also
collaborates in all the media
c programs when there is a media case, you surely
know who it is, you surely
know who it is. Okay, then it seems to me
that they are two very top guests, eh, I've already
seen the live show because the live show has
been the live show has been
so I'm going to Stream yar to see it,
already, little trickster, little
trickster, I mean, we recorded the live show
this morning, I've already seen it and I
can tell you that it is very top because it
has a lot of quality and and the truth is that they are
two guests, eh, spectacular and and they
put a lot of light and sanity to everything
that is being said and to everything that has been
talked about in recent days.
So the live show is on the
main channel, you know that when they are
live shows So a little more special, I
mean, my channel is actually my
main channel, my channel is Jai Oliveira
this is a secondary channel, okay, so
telesalseo and la salsería are
secondary channels that I created for it for a
lot of content, no Because as there is
so much content every day, live shows,
every day, extracts, videos like
these that I make with my mobile, I don't know what, no
then
m  actually these are
secondary channels but when they are powerful things like this
we bring them to my Channel
which is my main channel which is Javi
Olveira so eh it's really worth it for you to
see it, I don't think many
people will come now at 8:30 in the evening
but I'm going to be here until
10:1 when that live is scheduled
to do r to do a raid on the
main Channel and for everyone to go
there just in case there are
distracted people who don't see it or who
think it's here and don't realize it
was there Okay then well We'll stop
by here until people get
used to the fact that they also have to be
subscribed to my main channel
okay Okay then we'll see you even if it's not live eh
you guys You won't notice
absolutely anything Ana Josefina that it
's not live okay I mean I am I
'm with Marina and I'm with trium okay
I'm with Marina and I'm with trium
and you guys You won't notice
absolutely anything that it's not live
we're going to be there with the guests And
you can be in the chat
commenting on what we're talking about and the
chat  that we're having with the two
guests just like if it were
live, I mean, no no it's no
different than if it were live because
when with these guests we're not going to be
chatting with the chat
obviously like when I'm here
alone okay thank goodness you
reminded me because I already knew Mari and just like
you just like you well there's sure to
be a lot of clueless people who are expecting
the live show to be tonight here
I've already programmed it I've already
programmed it okay I've already
programmed it and anyways Well
since I had a few
things to discuss here Well we're going to
discuss them okay I came here early I
came here early to do the Ray
because I want that live show to be a
success the truth is I want it to be
eh [ __ ] that it makes a little no that it
makes a little the the the difference and that and that it has a
good pull of
people no for God's sake Javi what have you put
in the toaster or what are you
black well no the truth is that no let's see
I have a good terrace I have a good
solarium and and sometimes I  I
work or write gu oer or whatever there
is on the terrace and the truth is that
here you know that thank God in
Seville the weather and the sun does not
abandon us normally very rare it is No in
fact sometimes he misses not the
rain the cloudy lately he does not warn
of the live shows says Sara Asensio Sara
But that too [ __ ] Ho I'm going to scold you
eh I'm going to scold you eh I'm going to scold
you I'm going to scold you I'm going to scold you
WhatsApp there is a
WhatsApp group too I mean I have everything
so that the warnings are not missed I have
everything so that the warnings are not missed there is a
WhatsApp group There is Facebook or I mean eh
whoever misses something of what we do it
is because they want to eh let's
see someone of those who are here is not
in the WhatsApp group there is someone
here who is not in the
WhatsApp group the WhatsApp group every
night I say Hey I am live and I
also warn when I am live on
telesalseo and I warn of the videos of the
main Channel Why Well because I then  I'm
going to the salseria later when I
finish at telesalseo So I'm not going to
announce that one why am I going to announce it No if I'm already
coming from this then people are like they're
following me not through the channels
I came for the WhatsApp announcement it's that
the WhatsApp announcement never
fails says Johana WhatsApp is boring
Johana WhatsApp is not for you to
entertain yourselves Joanna César WhatsApp
doesn't have to be fun on
WhatsApp I'm sending you an audio and I'm telling you
gentlemen that at 8 I'm
live gentlemen I don't know if you understand me or
not oh what the hell a
[ __ ] me
and
I come for WhatsApp what's wrong with
Peppa Well I don't know the truth I'm
taking I've been
dragging this that they've sent me for a few days now that it
's like it's already
dying the truth I mean at the moment that at
the moment that they stopped
putting jav oliveira in the title then it's
already yes an Sánchez di he's
drooling with his Leo Yes what happens is that I
want to share a video with you
but we're censoring it  face and
the editor sent me the censored video
but of course I can see his face I don't
know if it's me that I recognize his
face even though Pixel is there but I told him to
censor it a little bit more because
then on Twitter and on Instagram I
want to put I want to put a
video that is going to make your
heart sink let's see La Movida which is
good Well, I don't know or rather I've been I've been a
few days wait a moment just a moment just a
moment yes finally let's
see I have to cover all the topics
that I have because although Although it may
seem like we don't we don't have much time
for all the tabs that I have
up there prepared for this live there are a
lot of topics a lot of gossip the truth is I
think Lili isn't going to get bored and I think
you won't either You're going to have
content so much on Twitter as on
Facebook as on Instagram as on as
on telesalseo no Uh yes it's been a while
since I touched on the geeky stuff because the truth is
this Anabel and this
Anabel Pantoja thing is
consuming
too many hours of live  no and even
today we also have a lot of news, I
mean I've seen that on the quicky channel they've
published some contradictions and
some things that we're going to comment on
below no but yes I would
love I would like to take an
extract eh about this Before before
while people are coming in no and and
that it can be seen how a little It's going
everything is falling into place Life
is proving me right no
e I'm seeing around here
166 176 people no which is basically
you probably have like tons of
Look around here marinilla eh just
posted a tweet you probably have
tons of my stuff around there saying what would
happen to these people the moment they
let go of my arm No I'm glad they
let go of my arm I'm not going to
tell you no but eh I also want no I don't I don't I don't I'm
a little like that I'm
a little like that no that when
life proves me right then I like to
highlight it not for a moment
because I know because
the kids send it to me that the Twitter account
of this lady is Eh yes it's still a
little no and dedicated to me no  to
me Look dalis veira okay sef you
look eh Javi oliveira profit from the
injuries of a baby what I was missing to
See on YouTube well Javi oliveira
profit from the injuries of a baby and if
tomorrow the injuries are from an
elderly lady, a singer who dies, a famous person
who has a traffic accident, well
Unfortunately, just like the
news and everything else, we will have to
comment on it But you Look that these
same accounts
sent me Lily sent me a when she
sent me this okay, they sent me a clip, not a
clip, not a screenshot in
which they were laughing at the fact that I
had fewer visits this month and that's why we
had opened the box and it's like of course
how am I not going to have fewer visits this
month if the main issue that there was this
month I decided not to touch it which was
precisely the admission of this baby and and
and a week, well I don't know if a week or
days more or less 8 or 9 days a third
of the month a third of the month practically,
well I wasn't in Spain, I mean I was
traveling there no and apart from that,
apart from
that it makes me compare myself with
screenshots of other
colleagues who have focused on their
content and have dealt with everything about
Anabel's baby since the day she was admitted,
which I really mean, each one is
my personal decision, I said, I can't find it, it didn't
motivate me either, I mean, no, I don't watch any
more news about the admission. Now yes because
now Here's a move okay But the the I do
n't know if a week, 10 days, 12 days
those who were in the hospital, I didn't
make a video, other colleagues have gained
many visits and many
subscribers, but she puts herself in a tweet to
criticize me because I'm dealing with the issue
of Anabel Pantoja and in another tweet she
starts humiliating me because other
colleagues who have dealt with it
before me have had more visits so
far,
eh. Anyway, a little bit such No, but well, it's
Peppa's level, eh, it's Peppa's level,
look, there are many, there are many more
and even worse what they are doing with
that news, morbid views, it's
all too disgusting, no, and
basically Peppa's Twitter, well, it
's sharing a little bit, not everything that
is hate comments, whether it's me or
Consuelo, like  to whoever it is,
especially on the fly, it's okay, I mean, everything, everything
that is, everything that is found eh on
Twitter that is against me Maybe
she doesn't have a [ __ ] clue or know what she's about, okay,
but oh well, it complicates it, okay,
no, I'm going to browse down here
in case something weird appears, but
well, I am aware, no, in my case,
this issue of her playing the
victim, not like,
eh, like,
like, she's a victim of, of the
channels that are no longer mine, no, because in the end, I have
never dedicated my content
to her like she has to me, no, but to the
channels with which she has had all the
fight, no, to all the channels, maybe they
get along with me, be it FJ,
be it Consuelo, no, like she's
suffering a lot, no, like something has happened to her,
I don't understand why she has
suddenly acquired that role, but if she
really had empathy for
people's mental health, she would have thought about me
a little, no, I mean, every day that
she was on live and she insulted me, made
obscene gestures towards me,
humiliations for my physique, no, that
you already piss yourself off, I mean  You tell me what
humiliation eh I deserve for my physique I
don't know if it's because I look like I'm
getting older no but yes yes I did them
for my physique in case I get a nose job because
you see the nose I got it done
to breathe better that if my hair is
too fake that if I don't know what Or that
kind of things No that kind of
obscene comments that kind
of everything that I that I had to
come here to start working and I'm
an older lady than my mother okay it
's not to look down on you because of your age
because I have a mother Okay I have a
mother I have aunts Eh my grandmother was one of
the most important people in my life
no and with whom I would die and she for me would
never disrespect anyone because of their
age okay In fact I've always
gotten along better with older people
than with younger people now well eh It's not
nice to see you a person who is
so much older than you asking you this kind of
questions no then See see her now
in a victim role no Peppa you the
to you no you have nothing you have
no problem  you the problem that
you have is that the topic is already dead okay
And the topic is already dying and people
are tired of you trying to squeeze the I
am a victim of Javi Oliveira or
Javi Oliveira gets angry with me if I
donate to you so that people donate to you no no longer there is
no longer the income movement that there
was at my expense at the expense of the hatred
towards me okay in your
account What is it that you are doing
because it is that it is not supposed to be there but it
is because if me no not with such
intensity because there are very few people who are
watching it right now Then it does not make
me That makes me get less clicks
obviously also when she throws
something at me no but yes that from time to time what what I
saw one day I do not know if it was in the
live in a live of Elena I think
Elena was commenting on something and I saw it
as if she
says that she does not get involved but
then during the whole live she is giving
barbs about content that is from
our channels you know eh complaints about things
that we do when we are not
making ourselves up no that I do not talk about that I have
amn no hao about the others already  Don't put it in
yellow, it's no coincidence, they don't
put the videos in yellow anymore since she
doesn't talk about one man or the other, Peppa,
of course, if you start spitting
in your hand and do that. For the same reason, I'll
put it in the video in yellow, if you
start humiliating people for their
physical appearance, for their face, for their
surgeries, suddenly you mess with my
wife, no, no, the echo isn't mine, it's
recorded like this, the clip isn't mine, the echo. If
you suddenly mess with my wife, Oh, the
tits, no, she puts it on her face, okay, in other
words, a woman who's fed up with him
going on the internet and there's a click of
a lady saying things to her husband, you
know, of course, suddenly he hears you, no, this
woman who puts her tits on. No man,
of course they put it in yellow. Of course, of
course it's no coincidence that they do
n't put it in yellow now, Peppa.
Of course it's no
coincidence, check the terms.
Maybe you're using them
now, right?
So,
how are you, Nanc, a kiss, sweetheart. Hey,
thank you very much to all of you who
are also renewing the  membership
okay I have to update the bar there are
less than 1000 members eh There are less than
1000 members I don't remember if there were
700 or something like that but I have the
issue of members a little
abandoned but I think I think that this
month no no no no no I can't I can't
allow myself to ask too much of you because you
have helped me a lot with the issue
of responding to the request of
this colleague too and you have helped me a lot and and
this month yes I will put the
objective there it is obviously
open there the subject of the members the
superchat and so on but each one if they
want if they want appears on screen
talking if they want to Support the
content or I mean I think that no no no I don't deserve I don't deserve no I shouldn't no I shouldn't
push eh or
even ask for anything about member objectives and
those things because I think you have
helped me a lot and I will always be grateful
always I will
return it to you I can sleep many times I
say I don't think I think you're not going to be of any use
this
late Peppa I think that you're not going to be of any
use  this not when she starts
seeing the rest of us well she
realized after two years no at
two years she realized that she no longer
wanted to do the things that the
rest of us do not the terrible things that the
rest of us do as if they and they and I'm not saying
they eh No they didn't see done what they
see wrong in
others and you said how shameless you see it that
if she's talking if she's
talking about us and and and and I think that
this is going to be the typical person
like Miare's mom like Joan Plan not
like this type of people who are going to
stay in our lives like
forever I mean enough arguing that we
kicked her out of this channel and that she's not with
us and the great damage that we did to her
forever I mean there are people who
stay in that in a in a
temporary space of life there are people who
stay okay look for example Elena just
renewed her membership I send you a
huge kiss Thank you so much Elena and
Marilus Ares Souto just gave away
five members when I told you that I
really don't deserve more gifts this month
this month I don't deserve more gifts  You already
helped me a lot last month
So this month you guys do whatever you want
okay with the members
be the members you want
be the Super chat you want
Even if you're still here seeing the
content okay eh whatever you want
my sister what a face
dur bienas 65 good afternoon
what happens is that there are
people who do
absolutely
everything because I also like my
glasses there are people who do absolutely everything they even like the
thing no even they like
the thing eh It's that it's that but oh well
asaro good afternoon honey still on
red alert
Luisa no but that's in La Coruña but F what are
you saying No no it's that This
causes me to feel sick
cersei Thank you so much cersei has
given away a member it causes you to feel
sick But you're here
insulting me on your Twitter still I mean I
'm here with other topics making a
thousand contents and you're making me on your
Twitter still some insults I'm
asking Argentina love there's a lot of
bad blood in life  Pepa but there are also
many of us to get out of all this
effectively Argentina
love focus is what is intended
focus on the bad people things do not
give you good vibes you have to focus on what is
really worth it this mother of
mine
and if we extrapolate all this
Maria Valencia I am
throwing I am throwing it is not easy good
afternoon I am throwing No it is not that easy
I have the tension balanced but
the other thing remains that is more I
have the other thing completely mar marib you have to
be far away Which is good it is good
Look I have to recognize one thing I
have to recognize one thing about what
happened with the harm that this woman did to us, I
mean
eh I have to recognize that look
I am made eh look I am
made of everything everything but I mean I have
fought with people of you no You
have arrived later Thank you very much
piece of sun beautiful very beautiful [ __ ] have you
put your picture five members of the family of
piece of sun a kiss sweetheart eh I have to
recognize you I swear eh I mean those who have
been with me for a decade
okay for a decade with with all
the  the things we've had, which
are not few, not on the internet. I've fought
with people with millions and millions of
subscribers, [ __ ] falling like crazy,
people messing with my family, people
calling me a pedophile, people telling me
absolutely anything, people
telling me absolutely everything,
and this, this conversation I had with
my wife. Uh, at a point, already at a
height, not the last few months it
wasn't Every day, it was Every day
finding this lady on the internet
making those kinds of comments
about me, saying those kinds of things
about me, I mean, I have to admit
that, look, I'm not going to say that I had
a mental health problem, nor am I going to
play with those things, for example,
obviously, Okay, but I have to
admit
that it caused me a lot of annoyance, a lot of
displeasure, a lot of displeasure, I don't know
how to describe that, I do
n't know how to describe that situation, I
felt very, very harassed, I felt very
harassed, very unpleasant, and then
on top of that, the kind of expressions, the
kind of gestures, the kind of, suddenly I would
find out that the
lady had a birthday, I mean,
things from outside the internet, not things from
her private life  not of his life outside of and
suddenly the birthday was related
to me too
eh It caused me a lot a lot of annoyance I
mean I remember that in fact I was
talking to my wife and I said if on any
occasion I get so caught up in a
character please those of you who are
around me let me know in case I don't realize
okay I mean because we've had a
time this happens no imagine now I
spend a season fighting with the
gbel I spend a week Me reacting
to what gel says Thank you very much
and elcar for the best role of
victim is for the tros clapping
hands for me this is a claim for
money I have no doubt after
everything we've seen that for me this
is a claim for money you understand me
for me this is a claim for money
because they her in particular we're
talking about her right now eh associate
the way for them to donate is not by creating a
community it's not by creating content that
people say [ __ ] I'm going to give him 5 from
Super chat Javi who deserves this
live 5 of mine from super damn that today
I haven't had a coffee downstairs I'm going to give it to him  give
Javi you know
and no no she ASSUMES she has related
that the way in which people are
giving The Super chat the members and the
visus and those things is like the conflict
as if it were a fight against me no In
fact she says it on several occasions in
several clicks that I have there in a
folder
Eh In the end a demand was stopped
not to her not to her Because I have it
more complicated in or not the truth
because I have answered her some
occasions And and the games work
in a certain way the moves work
of but to the son to the son to the son I was going to
put it in let's have it there I mean if at
some point I feel like taking it up again but I
already tell you I mean I have so much expense with
other people that it's a
pain
but but yes I mean it's what I tell you whether
this works like this now you fight I
now I fight with gibel I stuck a
week hooked with gibel to the other the
r to the other I don't know what but two years
dedicated exclusively to one person and
other people are messing with you and you
don't want to get involved with other people because what
your focus  is this what it gives you
is this and everything that everything that is from
this and related to this and if
a hater appears who hates you a lot I will join
that hater and and and I
will bring to the Channel everyone who messes with [ __ ] wanted to invite to their channel What happens is that the notes said they messed with her they told her the old woman is in a nightgown I don't know what I don't
agree they wanted to invite to their channel
Peppa wanted to invite to her channel those
from SS connection because one night I know
those are two special characters
too not one night they exploded and
started calling me marik to my wife they
started calling her [ __ ] with nude I don't know
what a lot of things and Peppa
thought they were striking characters
to take them to her channel and she wanted to
take them to her channel I mean it was a
constant persecution obsession you know and it
was something that was already causing me
annoyance I mean I felt harassed
in the sense that for me it
was already causing me annoyance that it was
outside the
content Thank you very much Yes that
's right donme for the Crusade it has not been read
but it is like that donme that  It was for the
Crusade Yes yes that I have several clicks
that are like the one from the Crusade eh of her
relating people making
people that her haters who
followed her okay that is there that it is not her
community we talk about the topics
that we have the 15 people 2000 here
we are missing at night evidently
we depend on the topics suddenly
we have a streak that we have 4 or 5000
viewers because it is a very
strong topic suddenly we have 3000 one day
that there is a very controversial topic but the
2000 15 2000 people
our community never fails There it is they have had to help me with the thing for
the lawsuit of flat there I have had it there I have
had it because it is a community that
you create you know there you have it you do not have a
community There you are with 100 people you did not
have a community and still there there will be
billboard and you do not say half half
of the thing of half of half of
half and you see how they are How they are
lying about your own life of your
feelings and of and  you
say How curious right? And people
buy it, people buy it because
I imagine that they will be like them, like they buy from
other
people. Lidia Martí What
happened to you? Thank you very much, Eve Joy. I have
named
my friend,
pana, on several occasions. I'm sorry, but I have to
send it to you and she has sent me things. Oh, nothing
bad, okay, okay, sasu. And it makes me
reflect and at the same time I think it
's also good that I
also know how they killed each other.
Also, how they killed each
other, they ended up without speaking to each other,
okay, today they told me yes,
René, then there's a live show on the
main channel. In fact, we're earlier
here on Telesalseo to do a raid,
then over there, okay. They
told me today I have to check. I have
n't had time, the loser took
the money out of the till already. I mean, he hasn't
received a complaint nor has he hired a
lawyer and he has taken the money out of the till, they
are what they are, they are what they are. This
guy is already talking, so let him
start taking it out. I'd be out too.  Although
obviously I'm not going to say names or
anything, it's something of
mine, you coward says, I see that I'm
busy, very well, you coward
Pio, yes, a Peta, every
Spaniard, but not to m a d, they have to,
thank you very much, friend Florencia
Villaverde Well, imagine if that on
top of that is public knowledge for days and
days and days and walking around on the wound and
days and days and hours and hours and hours and
hours, I ended up getting a wound, but
a wound of going to the doctor, whether people like it or not, I have to
admit, you have to
see, she had to go to the doctor
because it caused the ha caused a
wound, the ha caused a wound, you know, no, no,
she didn't think about whether it caused a wound, her thing,
nothing, her, every day,
everyone, everyone, every day, I was on
vacation, dude, on vacation, and
my friend Javi came writing to me,
mm Today she's talking about how one day she
offered you a gig and that you rejected the
gig. I mean, I remember, those are
things that I have because they are things that are
impressive, you know, uh, being on
vacation, besides, I remember
perfectly. I was at a gas station on
the road that  there is from Porto to
Galicia not to Vigo a road before
the toll no
e and I remember at a gas station I started
talking on the phone with a friend
and I remember perfectly that she
told me Look today, I put the pppa to tell
that you a year or two ago you spoke with
her because she wanted to organize a
gig for you that F you let this one organize
a gig for you and that We would have to see the whole thing
The thing would also have to be seen no
because she was going to be in charge of
organizing paying this paying that other thing
no and you have to see that she has been
criticizing you all afternoon because you have not
accepted the gig because you did not
see the gig as profitable I mean she wanted to do
a gig that would go with
Marina to Ar gesir and of course I was not
interested the truth Oh but that what what what
move is that to get her to do
a live show 2s years after
that I will be interested or I will not be interested in
things I will not do what I want first of all
I feel like and secondly there are
times that there are times that I take things that do
not interest me but  I take them because I
feel like it But if I don't feel like it or I'm not
interested what can I say to you when when
before we saw Antonio David so Delgado so so
sucked in that he was
born directly Thank you Julia your
name is like my
daughter that I was one of those who said
come on live you were like that I
imagine that you must have gone through it too
eh sucks eh sucks sucks
eh it has been the harassment it is
always the harassment harassed in
schools at work everywhere they
arrive like this
expected what a drag man today
I decided to grab this little glass with this
little glass I have it for
everything if that is what should be defended
in what happened to him what a drag
Eh well total total and and absolute And
why do people betray like that I
mean they don't have a heart here it is already
clear but here they are already victimizing themselves in like
every aspect no I mean
eh someone gave her the ball someone gave her the
ball The other day I think it was that agata
no
what is happening to the poor thing  Peppa what's
happening to
Peppa herself poor Peppa and she already
gets carried away and gets very deep into her in
her l but already Of course she is a victim of
everyone, everyone okay, everyone
Well family How was it
today with the
Ana Rosa thing the truth is I haven't seen
almost anything we have on the one hand that she
interviewed my friend Isabel Díaz
Ayuso okay she was recently at the
survey sanctuary and recorded a video
there where she mentioned to us not playing a
joke the elections man I think
that if any cad doesn't put themselves in my
place they will understand what it can mean
for the president of the government to
openly say that he is going to kill you, that he wants to
finish you off they want to
destroy me the
elections Ayuso has just said that
Pedro Sánchez has said that he wants to
kill her man Of course I understand it
in the media No I understood it as in
the media no no no I have not seen the
president of the government say that he
wants to kill a person no
and I would love to know what relationship
our dear Rosa Villacastín has
with Ana Rosa currently, I mean there have been
several occasions because  I'm
still with her Rosa was around here you
know and there are several occasions in which
Rosa made comments against Ana
Rosa who, trust me, they both had,
not that beautiful relationship for so
many years, Matamoro over here hits him a little
glove, not Ana Rosa, and that's what I'm
telling you, I mean when I say that
Matamoro hits Ana
Rosa here I'm not saying that the slap
is literal it's
media-based if artificial intelligence had existed
and your husband married
you, you know. Well, Alfonso
Rojo wrote it but when Ana Rosa's book
had existed it would
n't have been plado. I mean, you can
plado the style of a novelist from
Qui se per her paragraphs but she copied a
paragraph she didn't.
Well, but you, that style
you And say, build me a story like that with
this
style, it would have been necessary to speak
verbatim pages and pages And it's
easier that
happened that happened in a book by Ana Rosa there's
one in a book by Ana Rosa there are some
paragraphs
playad it's more difficult for them to catch you, of
course also because of course you don't plagiarize
So no, that  I'm not sure why that's why
not the same Beyond the help of
Artificial Intelligence that having the
eloo
elre telling it to you there is a
lot you have to see the talent that you to
really
est that happened everyone is saying
yes and what book is it I am that the
books the truth of the famous and others
of the famous and of nobody because I by
myself
eh that no no no I don't have time for anything I
don't have time for movie series
and and it's not that I feel like it or rather
when I feel like being quiet with the
family I feel like being quiet or rather
unless it's a movie
and unless it's a movie that I
feel like watching or something like that you
know let's see let's
see it's not the only sasca that
Matamoros has given lately to Ana
Rosa with whom would you prefer to go on
vacation before with Ana Rosa and her
husband or with Paz Padilla and her boyfriend that she
has now Let's
mean
with the final trick treat well
death I have it clear I had said
death I
death a thousand times before it's not possible to
have a conversation I'm sorry with
whom with with Ana  pink with Ana Rosa you
can say you can you will be able to debate with me you
can No I don't have anything against
that lady but I much prefer
a person who
can but not to me they
are saying that you talk about what
is happening to Roma Gallardo And what
is happening to Roma Gallardo daughter I
don't know I have no idea what is
happening to Roma
Gallardo talk seriously with her
half the time and no no all the
time say things that are not true Yes like No to
me it's that people I like I
respect them and all that stuff and and great for
that but for me the Happy Flower philosophy
tires me a little So I would be more in line with
her it was the
holidays or rather a month I'm not going with anyone
in a I think it would be worse for them to
be able to launch or for them to go with me than for me In short they do
n't have much affection for
Ana Rosa here to the bathroom a second it won't take me
absolutely but absolutely
nothing it won't take me eh while you all give the
like and all those
little things let's have a go about it
trial not of
these people we are not
going
eh come on let's have a go at the
Rubiales trial that you go my mother
also this eh What do you think
this will turn out to be family, what about Rubial's trial
Roma, the same girl broke into his house
Ah that they broke into
Roma's house
How come they broke into his
house Don't [ __ ] around Don't
[ __ ] around that's just too much to
take it well look at
you that I think I don't have it that I
'm not that clear
eh look at me that I'm not that
clear I'm just going to think it's
crazy if they criminally condemn a person
for that eh
man I mean if they criminally condemn a
person because he pecks another person
celebrating the
goal there then it was time for the hallway
Well, to greet the authorities at that
moment I told her what a mess we
made it was when she jumped
and on the way down she was the one who told me
we won this World Cup she's going to get a
conviction I think she'll get a conviction fite I'm not
sure eh I mean no  it would
be logical it wouldn't be logical because
there are contradictions in the story
eh There
you look insistently that you did not hear at
any time that he asked you if he
could give you that kiss but you saw a
movement of lips not me what I have
commented that when he grabs me
effusively by the ears
eh No longer I do not hear or see anything I am only
looking at eye level and
the next thing was the kiss well and at
that moment although it was in a very
subtle way you made some gesture of
rejection some gesture trying to push
Mr. Rubiales away did
you not mention at any time to
your brother that that kiss had
disgusted you Yes and even if it was
instinctive that disgust that you feel eh when
receiving the kiss did not lead you to
try to move away from Mr. Rubiales
don't
look it will be seen in the images eh but I
want to ask you about that let's go to the
interrogation I will see the images
when
we ask you immediately after
kissing Mr.
Rubiales what gesture did you make do you
remember
eh when he gives me the kiss Yes when
I move away And I pat him not in
a  side pats him on the
side Why if that
physical contact that kiss had
displeased you do you say goodbye with a new
physical contact that are a few pats on
the side because I am in a
protocol act that as I said I greeted
everyone eh I greeted the queen I
greeted the daughter I greeted Luis Rubiales
and I followed the protocol which was to be a
player of the national team I continued on my way
eh And it does not mean that no I did not feel
that disgust that rejection to the to notice or to
feel that was what had happened or I mean It
's that look you don't I mean later you
see later you see her
this live that they did Not from the
locker room after the kiss after the
celebration
ar she left after they did
not go on a trip anyway it's
like in the radio interview
after that oh it's true there was also an
interview
there it's
true But anyway look at her laughing at the
Meme that they made for her Not because of the
kiss what the brother said
Oh the video is not there the video is not there about the
brother I put it before Oh look here is the thing
about the
radio my goodness I don't want to imagine it
because I didn't even expect it but anyway it's that they
fall on others because I
don't care or I mean I'm a
world champion and that's what I'm going to take
tonight already but there are people who have been
offended have been
offended Yes let's see today everything is going to
be frowned upon by the eyes of whoever
looks at it and I alone I can say that it has been
the moment of fusion and the
moment that there is nothing beyond and that it is
going to remain an anecdote and that's it
that people go eh if they want to hype it up they will
and whoever No well no
but well this is not going to go any further it's not going to
go any further let people be calm let
people be calm everyone with
their own life Exactly not for sure a kiss
Consuelo Thank you very much sweetheart How are you like it's
not going to go
aada so We confirm eh in the
great game of Lu Here it is
confirmed Yes sir that it is not going to
stay any longer and that we are champions with a
star under the I  is that you don't see the
plane a little bit we want to see you
fully tomorrow eh giving it your all say
yes many kiss a kiss but on the
cheek that I don't want oozes on the cheek
wherever you want Come on, man, let's
see if the thing with the brother is here,
this thing with the brother and I, it's that they are
people who thought the same thing that
everyone thought, of course, evidently, I
mean, they thought what it was is that it
was a stupid thing that without more, no I
mean, I don't know, it's that if they condemn a
person for
that, it's that, what a mess
to be that eh Just seeing her
uncomfortable Not at all, at no time,
at no time has it
been an anecdote and that's it,
those words from the brother It's that there is
a lot of material after,
comments after that, what a fabric eh
fate you how I was catching up with myself
[Music]
that
it has been inappropriate it has been but so I don't know the truth that I don't know the truth the gesture of rejection was to hug him and lift him off the ground I don't know what kind of relationship they would have for that, I mean because we also have to put ourselves in  the place where suddenly at
work they do it to your partner, to your
daughter, no. I mean, suddenly the boss
goes and plants a kiss on his lips,
no, uh, of course, what kind of trust did they
have to do that, no, that's what
surprises
me, what surprises me, you know, what kind of trust does he have to, to kiss a person in a moment of celebration, so, so exposed, not so in public, that I understand that there he would feel that trust, no. I mean, it does
n't cross my mind to kiss just
anyone, not in a place like that. Also, it's not that I don't know the truth, the
Euphoria, but the Euphoria, but To what extent, it's not an issue, it's a very, ...
Iker Casillas and
Sara Carbonero
yes to say that video It is
totally edited that there are parts that do
not appear that only those that
are there or that they want to appear, they show me a
video, that is, a photo with a meme
of
sar is totally edited
yes to say that video It is
totally edited that there is this edit that does
not appear that only those that are there or
that they want to appear, they show me
a video, that is, a photo with a
meme of Sara Carbonero and Casillas
with that of Luis Rubiales and mine and and
I do laugh there because it is a meme it makes
me laugh But at no
time does it take away the importance that I
have to what I am
feeling for me it is not how I act eh
the reflection of what I am
feeling for me it has nothing, nothing to
do with it, I can laugh, I can continue jumping
but inside I can be feeling the
rage, the frustration, the anger because it
is something that
was hurting me, I mean, I mean
that you were feeling it inside okay, I
mean despite the fact that you are
watching  in that completely
edited video you can see that
Pipe is going too far and he's laughing at it the
reality is that inside it's
frustration
okay God of my life man God of my life
Oh my God of my life In what era In
what era are we I was
crying but inside
yes well
we'll see what happens but yes it
's true that it's that neither
can you I mean neither a boss nor anyone I mean
neither a boss nor anyone can do that to you
not to give you
a to give you a kiss right there on the lips you
know I mean I think
we all
agree that no it's not that it can't be
allowed either but of course
the administrative sanction is not enough I
mean they've expelled him
from work it's not that
a penalty I see it putting it at a
level that is compared with other things
that I don't know if we have to get into
that you
know but man when to get
him to jail you have to walk around with
lies well things are not very
clear
either it's not even not even It would
be a question of how
she would have experienced it or not which I also imagine would
affect no but actions are
actions they are  take it as she takes it
You know Even if she had busted her
ass with the La Movida issue, it's
consensual, it's not consensual
and you told her okay, you didn't tell her okay
eh you know what deal What relationship did you have
this and I think that obviously no you can't do
that no to anyone you can't
kiss anyone right there on the
face but
but a penalty a prison sentence I don't know
the
truth of course that's that Cris or
so what it would have been I also tell you
that maybe each one acts in a
way and knows how to react or not at the
moment maybe many times you don't
know how to react at the moment you don't
want to spoil the mood of all
the good that's happening Well that's
also no I mean you're
celebrating you're with the Kings there not
the queen
eh then the trip the bus no you don't
want to spoil the mood with the people no
but man then the interviews
afterwards and I don't know the
truth I don't know the truth We will have to
respect what the law says but I don't
think
that I don't think there will be a
sentence I think there could be a
fine but a prison sentence
even if it's TR  months imagine no I don't
know it's just that I'm not clear eh I mean I'm
sure that she's exaggerating and she
's lying and I'm sure that she
wouldn't have reported anything because neither would I I'm
sure that it didn't
seem so bad to her if it weren't for the
pressure from the elite she's not a girl who
suddenly has been put at the top
because of the issue that she has been a victim and that's why they
put her I don't want to
belittle her work with this nor
what in sports but the the
popularity no and taking her to all the
programs or the lack of ringing the bells
is because of the issue of having become a
victim of
course what fine are they going to give to someone who has had
their work canceled well Uh
well they can give them a fine I
mean the criminal issues the
criminal trials end with sentences that can
be prison sentences that can be
months two months one month three months or it
can be a fine fine So
I think that for it to be nothing
absolutely nothing either there is the
I think it could be a
fine I don't know the truth I think it could
be a penalty  of a
fine is that if it were a fine
Well for me it would be more or less
Okay no I mean if it were a fine it would
n't be right for you
What happens is that the label that is
also left in note Of course because fine
but based on what
crime because fine fine based on what
crime What are you going to put on him a
sexual assault [ __ ] even if it is a fine it
is not everything the penalty not the money the
label also
no I do not know the truth this issue The truth
is that it has fabric eh the
issue I would have seen enough that they
had fired him from work they have
fired him from the federation But Javi they
ask for 2 years and months but what
the prosecutor's office asks for then has no eh
Why should it not have
absolutely anything to do with the
sentence eh Because the prosecutor's office Maybe they
ask you for one thing based on what is
being reported but they do not
and do not apply then all the laws that
must be applied to condemn what
can be condemned and what cannot In what
parameter and In what range would
the
sentence not be, they do not value maybe or they do not have
all the  knowledge at 100% value
to the test I don't know the truth I don't know I
think that is a judge's thing and they can
disagree because in the end it
is also subjective So there is no
reason I don't know the truth what to say is that just
as I see that she is
lying and just as it seems [ __ ]
crazy to me that they have a
person in jail for that reason no
H neither do I neither do I have all of my
doubts that this should be
left unpunished
eh I mean I don't have all of my doubts that
this should be left unpunished
eh I don't know I don't have it Of course
it would depend on what kind of
relationship they had before because
because of course what
bothers me are her reactions to
me what bothers me a lot are
her reactions because it makes me think
that that these are things that fall within
the trust that they
had you can have a relationship with
someone from work with a lot of
chemistry and a lot of friendship and a lot of
jokes and a lot of things you know I mean it's that
realize that Rubial has a family
too no Rubial has a family and he gave her
and  gave that kiss not that peck in
Euphoria there in front of the whole world not
knowing that it is being
broadcast internationally
because if you have a relationship like that
day to day you have that trust and you have
that permission not with someone
suddenly because they put pressure on you in the
elites I don't know the
truth I imagine that all this that
we are considering I imagine that
the authorities will also be considering it and the
judge will consider it when making a decision
much much better than us,
very surely, very surely well eh Let's
catch up a little because we almost
have to go to the main Channel okay
In fact I'm going to prepare the
r In fact I'm going to prepare the
ride because the
live broadcast on the main Channel is starting right now okay
remind you that when the r
Eden is done here we close and sometimes it
throws you directly there to the live broadcast that
starts or you have to hit the
accept button r that often appears an
accept button r no or go to the Channel
eh it seems that there is news I haven't
seen them I'm going to see them here with you
no this is  simply a comment from
matamoro in which he confirms a little
Well, it's not that he confirms but he
has the same theory that I have that
the rest of his
friends and others didn't know So they
found out when the news came out With
all due
respect, I really want to say that no one should
doubt that I do
n't have one iota, I don't have
one iota of doubt that
neither Anabel nor her partner nor anyone in
her environment wanted to cause
harm to her daughter or a loved one but
let's go, not one iota of doubt and that said,
eh I find
this intervention by
Anabel very unfortunate because it perfectly
contradicts what they have maintained up until now, eh
or the position that they have maintained up until now, that is to
say, if I don't want to give
money to the town crier of anything based on
my privacy, the privacy of my daughter and
whatever, which seems perfectly correct to me, eh,
the coherent thing would have been to have made a note that
I think would have been the most appropriate,
a press release, a statement
by people who knew how to
technically explain the position they are in
and not this diatribe that also
contradicts itself  from beginning to end okay
perfect and what is there today new
the account of the events is not what we
believed so what will happen whatever
happened happened before the parking lot hence why we
weren't putting so much emphasis on
who let's see In fact also It is true
that we already told it
the recordings from those
cameras have been requested the thing about the cameras has not come out yet
No,
nothing has been leaked yet about the
cameras No, if anything has been seen or nothing has been
seen yet about that matter
no, the thing about the cameras is going to be a
thing eh It gives me the feeling I hope
I'm wrong but I have the
feeling that when the cameras are reviewed
no, they are not going to be there at that time
or anything like that, it gives me
that feeling because taking
into account that there are contradictions, that there are
things that are
failing, it seems to me that we will see, let's
see about the parking lot, and I also
insist again, those events in the parking lot are as a
consequence of a previous event,
there is a previous event that they have detected
What is the reason for the injury, does x
days go by and triggers a reaction  in which it is
Ah of course wait of course wait Wait wait
anyway even if they
were in the parking lot Listen to this in
fact also It is true that we already
told it
the recordings from those
parking lot cameras have been requested and in addition I
insist again those events in the parking lot are
as a consequence of a
previous event of course it would not have been in the
parking lot yes in the parking lot suddenly the
girl started to cry that's when she gets the
no the patat the bad one I don't know what to
call it
no Of course that was it since she was
reacting to the injury she had whatever it is
not supposed to happen there of
course There is a previous event there is a
previous event that the parents are supposed to know
from what they are saying where it
happened or when it happened you have detected cu it
is Elo
and it triggers a reaction in the abb
which is what David details when he is going to
declare is it clear what he declares
if it could be let's see I think not because of the
fact that there are contradictions and that
apparently the versions between them
are contradictory Also apart from the fact
that there are some errors in the times and
so on So I think that there it is not
exactly like that okay but Of course of
course it is not  that it was there in the
parking lot, it's not that it was there, it was that, it's
like it shows
what had already happened or what they had already
done at another time that
the parents were supposed to not
realize or they don't know when contradictions
in the couple, which is why they
are also being investigated, how heavy,
eh, how heavy,
kid, David is a person who has never
spoken to the press, I have not
seen him speak to the press or about
situations in life that open the
door V Exactly, then it's spoken to the
press and with my foot now I'm going now I'm
going to what I'm going to say, precisely
as he is someone who does not speak to the
press, I am surprised that there are
statements upon leaving the hospital
both to Antena 3 and to Giovana so and so, but
my question is when he gives those
statements, he already knows then that they are being
investigated, of course we just said,
so it surprises me even more that in
such a delicate situation for both of them,
David is giving statements, eh, when
normally he has never done it, I am
surprised by my reading It's that I think that by
pretending that they are, that he is
calm and they are calm, I think they
are not being  honest with with
people in public because it
seems incredible to me I'm done Sorry Belén It
seems incredible to me that David is
saying everything great normal everything looks
normal he would have the body cut
see HM but of course you have to act
normally at that moment no I mean
you're not going to start giving more clues
of what about what maybe no Hey this what
is this What is
this video is it from Belén Esteban when she
was there no maybe
no first that a minor you can't
talk about a girl who has been counting for so
many days second give a diagnosis
that I've seen nonsense and second I want to
thank all my colleagues but
yesterday what Kiko Matamoros said how
shameful what you write on Twitter I didn't even get
involved but I trust him you guys
see it as normal that you put a mother or
a father with his baby in a
hospital no matter how bad it feels to you
put yourselves in their place
put yourselves in their place I'm not saying that
people but don't write such
ugly things what a double standard no I mean if we
could agree I'm not saying
no but it's a bit duplicitous  rod Of course
because the presumption of innocence and the
issue of revealing things about minors No, I
can give you an example of Antonio David, I
can give you an example of Rocío Flores,
not that show, not that
show that was so talked about,
no
mph says where is Marina, well Marina is going to
be with us now in the
special that starts live in 20
minutes in 20 minutes the
special starts on the main channel who wants to
see them who wants to see it, it's already
programmed we have Javier
urra we have Javier
urra there you have it there you have it there it comes out okay
here the live program comes out
okay Javier urra and can you
believe that I don't remember the name of
this
man police inspector Benito
is the last name but can you believe that I do
n't believe that I don't remember him but
come on but this morning maybe
man this morning maybe
man well now we'll see it there I'm going to
watch it with you while
seno I'm going to be there with you
while I'm cando But well it's going to
be very good eh it's going to be very good okay it's
very
[Music]
Well at first he said it was for a
routine thing that there is
very little bit of routine about that, there is very
little bit of routine,
really. Well, what do you say about this today
that is giving a lot to talk about
also on Spanish television
Víctor Sandoval do you remember what he
was telling us and what we Well
in fact he came back in fact he came back to not even that we were
going after well that he had like a
certain problem the whole problem he
had with Marta no and that and that he said that
as long as Marta was there he was not going to get it he was
not going to coincide with
her no I mean he said I'm not going to get it
and of course I understand that it must have generated
like a certain
discomfort there let's see I imagine that he will make
peace and he will solve the issue because I don't
think that I don't think that things will stay like
this okay But he confirmed today that he is
no longer in Quicky with Marta Riesco and
her coworkers.
No, I am not a colleague of that lady, I have not
been in bov anymore she is not in
beikof No, it's not like we were Yes, well you
also work there for now  I
'm good Oh damn there's been
bad vibes, of course there has
been. Well, right now I'm
in a [ __ ]
rage, but
Javi had gone back, he always compares everything to
Rocio Carrasco, it has nothing to do with it,
Carmen. Of course it has to do with if we
're seeing the same
collaborators, the same
presenters, and the same people saying
that the presumption of innocence must be respected
and that
medical reports must be respected and that they must be respected, I don't know, I do
n't know how much, [ __ ]. Well, yes, yes, we've been
seeing for two years that,
no, no, no, the presumption
of innocence didn't matter, no, no, the presumption of
innocence, but it didn't matter, eh, that
a case had been closed, okay?
But anyway, we've already finished that topic,
eh, I think they fired him, being from a position of being,
but he's capable of losing a job over
a
fight. But if he had already returned, no, [ __ ],
what a mess he has a lot of relationships, he has had for
many years with the
manufacturers, I imagine that
the fight and the tension they're
having will have its thing, but
no, I don't think it's definitive.  the
truth will get the temper going and the waters will
calm down just like he's had a fight with
other people okay very well not even if we
were Ah with not even if we were for
now no
eh we were for now no Marta Riesco if your
coworkers
no I'm not a colleague of that lady I haven't
been in bov anymore no no not even if we were
Yes well you also work there for
now I'm fine Uy there's been bad vibes of
course it's been weird Adela I didn't
know
too okay very well not even if we were for
now no not even if we were for now no a I
imagine this will be temporary eh I mean
this isn't going to be also he's now
in beikof of course obviously he
was also telling us that and we
also talked about it him right now He's
in
bof we'll talk No we'll see not
saying because I don't like
suar what the [ __ ] is this dude what the [ __ ] is
this what the
[ __ ] is this par pu I'm saying
because I don't like
his what the [ __ ] the mother who brought him Oh
What a scare But why has a guy been there I
mean that super Random  why does Monse have other
jobs, let's see, of course, for better or
worse, yes, for worse, when do you have to come
back? Well, she'll have to come back and that's it.
No, not when she has to come
back, but I think that little by
little they'll be going to channel 1. If they suddenly
make a program on channel 1, well, I
imagine that Victor will be the one to fix it, he'll be on channel
1. Marta is on channel 1, as if we were
going, he'll stay on channel 1. But the thing is,
I think that in the end the issue of these
people is going to be focused on staying,
moving everything to channel 1. I don't see it as
compatible at the same time, although it could be,
eh. Because El Madroño is on Telemadrid
at the same time as Sálvame, Sálvame was on
Tele5 and El Madroño was on Telemadrid.
And surely now I don't
remember many more broadcasts, but from the
same production company on several channels or in
several media outlets working and broadcasting at
the same time, for sure, I mean, yes, it's true that it
's a bit strange because they're a bit of
competition, but of course, no, not entirely, so yes, let's
see, I don't know, really, it
depends.  I'll see on the one hand I think
that everything will be focused on taking
everything to Spanish television to the
program that they create there
but but well it wouldn't be
incompatible either it wouldn't be incompatible
for them to coexist not that they coexist in
fact that they
feed off each other wouldn't be
incompatible Hey eh remind you that now
in a few minutes the main channel starts
Okay now I'll give you a ride
but the live starts with Trium with
Marina okay with Trium with Marina a
special program we have Javier Urra
we have the police inspector I mean we're
going to be commenting on the whole subject in
depth especially at a level Well
from the prism of two great
professionals like the ones you're seeing
there in the thumbnail So you can't
miss the live on the
main channel that starts in 15 minutes
in 15 minutes I've [ __ ] myself Mad brought
but please I'm getting dizzy it's
completely nervous very I
even dropped my coffee I mean please but what has
this been these are things that happen on TV on
other programs l Oh I've been involved all the
time
I heard I know Marii but about Paulo
Echebarría I'll watch it already recorded apart from that
I woke up early today I passed that
live I even have a script eh I
even have a gu for the main one I
even have things for the salsería but I do
n't know what I'm going to I know the truth I don't know if I'm
going to continue it's that I'm
falling asleep already eh I'm starting to
get low and I'm a little bit
sleepy trust what I'm telling you I got
up at 10 in the morning
having gone to bed late yesterday and I went
to the gym a little while ago and already
eh I'm starting to pay myself I'm
starting to
pay myself maybe I'll go for a while now
after dinner the salsería
and and I go to bed See you tomorrow and tomorrow
will be a different story
Paula's I'll watch it on YouTube tomorrow day
after tomorrow the face of the
t the face of the tárrega I don't understand
that the face of the tárrega
But why are they like messing
with the tarrega so much lately the face of the
tarrega
the age no let's see what the [ __ ] it's
a lot of hours awake maybe now
when I  take a shower Oh he has
a mask that in note he has a mask
with the face of the targa you see it can't be seen
Look Yeah yes yes Look look now yes you can see
Look of course it was so fast that you ca
n't see here I'm saying here
nobody notices of
course the mother that of course
nobody notices but he has in note he has a
mask of the tarrega
But why do they do that
man But why do they do that
mother who gave birth to him the mother who
brought him Oh I was scared shitless mother
who brought him but please Oh I'm feeling
dizzy But it's that I was
completely crazy mu I
even dropped the coffee I mean
please You can tell he says sea clear daughter these
are things that happen on TV
other programs are on but he's been there the
whole time listening
to us what worries me happens eh in
the Okay family
eh I'm going to do a raid Okay I'm going to
prepare a little dinner and I'm
going to sit with you guys and see, okay
How long is Dolores' live show? Well, the
live show now from the main show lasts 2
hours 2 hours  and a
bit 2 hours and a
bit the live broadcast lasts 2 hours and a bit maybe
I'll go to the salsa bar but of course I do
n't want to go to the salsa bar either,
stepping on the main live broadcast
and it's 10 11
12 I seriously doubt I'll go to the salsa bar I do
n't know it might take me to wake up a
lot now when I take a
shower now I'll take a shower and
wake up okay I can't promise you anything I can't promise you
anything I can't promise you anything Javi Paulo
Chevara on El Hormiguero it's that you
're piling up work on me you're
piling up work on me people what I said
see you in 10 minutes on the
main channel Okay See you in 10 minutes
on the main channel Okay I'm going to I'm going to You're going to
fall right now there in the
waiting room Okay Uh if it doesn't fall
automatically press the button that
will appear Now when the
live broadcast closes a button will appear on the
screen that says Let's go so you click it you
don't accept the ra
and you fall over there okay in 10 minutes
while you go to the bathroom and grab a
snack dinner or whatever well we'll
see each other
there we'll see each other there I don't know
if I'll go later I don't know if I'll go later I'll
think about it I'll think about it a kiss
handsome